Okay. So now before we actually use any of
these UTXOs that we saw in the previous step to create a transaction,
I would like to show you how to view details of
any specific UTXO that stands for Unspent Transaction Output.
So in a deeper console,
you will type the command, "get TX out."
So let's go to a debug console, okay.
In fact, let's go pick one of the transaction ID.
So if you saw this was array of
all the transactions we got from the list unspent command,
so I'm just going to pick one example.
Let me just pick the last one for now, and this was an array.
Okay. So we're going to pick this one.
So that's a transaction ID.
In a PC, the vout is one.
Okay, so I'm going to get the command, "get TX."
Okay. Then you're going to have your transaction ID followed by the vout.
The vout was one in our case, okay?
So again it goes as the command gets takes out,
and then the transaction ID,
and then an up, and then the vout number.
So that's the command, and then you're going to hit "Enter."
Once you hit "Enter," it actually gives you
the complete information about the output, okay?
Just to walk you through, let me make the screen a little bit bigger for you here.
So this is what we got. So if you see,
the first thing that comes up is the best block.
Now this is a hash of the header of the block,
which includes this transaction.
If the transaction is not a part of any block,
this spring is going to be empty right there.
Then we have confirmations,
this is the number of confirmations received for this transaction value,
the amount of bitcoins sent to this output.
This grip PubKey, again,
is the public script.
The PubKey script.
The hex is the PubKey script encoded as hex, okay?
Then the require Sigs which is R-E-Q Sig.
That typically means the number of required signatures,
mostly going to find it as one.
Then we have type, the type this is is a type of the script that could be PubKey,
multisigs, group harsh, and addresses,
the addresses used in this transaction, okay?
If you have Coinbase,
it could be set to true or false,
and again, it's set to true,
the transaction output belonged to a Coinbase transaction.
Fantastic. So now that we know what all the UTXOs are available in our wallet,
and then we also know how to get information about any specific UTXO,
we are all ready to create a raw transaction
using one of these UTXOs which we will do on next step.